ROLE handling: Added NONE role (#659)
TTT-2/TTT2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Added `ROLE_NONE` (ID `3` by default). Now, players aren't `ROLE_INNOCENT` but `ROLE_NONE` by default.
> - Added the possibility to give Innocents the access to a custom shop (`shopeditor`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added `ROLE_NONE` (ID `3` by default)
  - Players now default to `ROLE_NONE` instead of `ROLE_INNOCENT
  - Enables the possibility to give Innocents access to a custom shop (`shopeditor`)
```

i think this is 'just' one change, especially the second point is to my knowledge directly caused by the first. so i think the suggestions fits the overall change better

### Fixed

- Fixed IsOffScreen function being global for compatibility
- Fixed a German translation string (by @FaRLeZz)

> - Fixed an data initialization bug that appeared on the first (initial) spawn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a data initialization bug that appeared on the first (initial) spawn
```

### Changed
- Microoptimization to improve code performance
- Converted `roles` module into a library
- Code cleanup and removed silly negations
- Extended some ttt2net functions
- Adjusted some functions to support simplified role and team checks (`Player:HasRole()` and `Player:HasTeam()` to check for a valid role / team)
- Moved global `roleData` to the `roles` library (e.g. `INNOCENT` to `roles.INNOCENT`)

> - Changed `bees` win and into `nones` win

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Changed `bees` win to `nones` win
```
